To implement


Needs revamping:

1. Don't use raw new/delete, use unique_ptr instead. Each connection has only one owner and does not need to transfer ownership so I don't even need to worry about moving.

2. Don't use std::unordered_map to hold the objects: not cache-friendly and unnecessary. Keep them in a vector instead, and if I need lookup-by-name I can make a hashmap of pointers. The vector will probably need some kind of flag for connectors who have logged off, and we don't want to force a delete in the middle of the vector. Probably safe to assume that there won't ever come a point where there are disproportionately (>100-to-1) old logins, since MUD servers don't tend to stay up for massively long times. At least mine won't.

3. Consider thread priorities: the central engine should have the highest priority and be pinned to a dedicated core. Probably okay to set all connection threads to the other core, I'm not planning to run this on a big server.

4. Examine again the socket-closing: ensure that nothing tries to use the socket after it is shut down.

5. Make a special admin login that can manipulate the server (kicking users, shutting down, etc.).


Implement ConnectionManager using hashmap (unordered_map) where key/value are
sockFD/UserConnection.

Google to verify that socket file descriptors tend to be hashable. Yes it's safe.


The runListening thread can potentially block waiting listening on a socket while the Engine
has already sent the shutdown signal. This means the runSending thread will terminate but
the runListening thread will block indefinitely. That's bad. How to handle?

One way would be to block waiting on the Engine to signal that it has parsed all the commands
Only after the Engine parses all the commands can the runListening thread proceed to attempt to
read from the socket again.

What happens when a std::thread object goes out of scope? Does it die?

If it's possible to explicitly kill threads, maybe keep the threads in a hashmap too.

FURTHERMORE, FORGOT TO THINK: the runListening thread should KILL ITSELF if the user sends quit.
Why do it there instead of upon Engine's signal? Because the thread will BLOCK WAITING on the
socket read(). So we must kill it upon reading a quit, instead of allowing it to race ahead to
the next loop iteration and blocking waiting on the socket.

Of course, if the socket is forcibly closed then the attempt to read() will simply fail... which
means that the thread will just die after the shutdown signal. So maybe no need.


Main parent thread should first set up the Engine, make sure everything is initialized nicely,
then launch the Engine thread and then set up the ConnectionManager. The main thread will be
in the connection manager, so it is the LAST thing that is destructed whenever the server is
shut down.

The Engine thread should have an internal clock cycle. Every 100 ms you should clear all the
input buffers, process the commands, run everything, push into all the output buffers, then
clear all the output buffers by writing to the user.

Engine should have a vector of Player objects. Each Player corresponds to one UserConnection.
Engine needs to:
(1) Send shutdown signal to UserConnection threads
(2) Populate the sending (circular buffers) queues for each User and trigger sending
(3) Send shutdown signal to ConnectionManager thread to remove user from its hashmap

OK THINK ABOUT HOW ENGINE SHOULD HANDLE PLAYER VS USERCONNECTION.

Each cycle, I need to buffer all the user's commands into a queue.
Now not all the commands will go through: it really depends on what he's doing.
Every command should take at a MINIMUM 1 cycle to process.
Every relevant action should take 1 round at least.


Another major problem:

If I store user connections in a hashmap, whenever a re-hash happens the address of the
UCs may change. This means the pointers that were received by the Engine would become invalid.
Should I re-assign pointers after every re-hash? Seems unnecessary.
What about I eat the performance penalty of mediating all access to UCs through the Connection
Manager.
